README.md, before:

# Nvim Config

<!-- [![pCqCxTH.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2023/07/22/pCqCxTH.png)](https://imgse.com/i/pCqCxTH) -->
[![pPJKU91.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2023/08/22/pPJKU91.png)](https://imgse.com/i/pPJKU91)

This is my personal neovim config written in Lua.

## Pros

- Pure Lua script with nice speed
- Integrated with the commandline tools like grep and [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- Run fast with 90 plugins
- Easy to manage the plugins with a nice structure

## Installation

### git

You can use git to install these configuration files.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tandy1229/nvim-lua ~/.config/nvim

# if you want it downloads faster you can run
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/tandy1229/nvim-lua ~/.config/nvim
```

### Requirement

Just to Reading the plugin docs:-)

## Speed

With the lazy.nvim and the lua cache speed up, its startup time is just **49.5ms** which is test in the Macbook constructed with 1.4GHz 4 core 8th Intel Core i5.

Even without those plugins and so now in my opinion the neovim is becoming the most useful front end now.

## References

Thank you for these great configs \~~~

> It's @theniceboy whose video guide me to the Vim so far I was using the IDE. And then through him I have a chance to turn the Vim to using the editor -- nvim.

> Hahahah, I was using nvim since 0.4, and now as neovim is going to have the 0.10 tag, nvim has become the mature project.

> Ohhhh, lua script making the nvim different, and make it a different road compared to Vim. But neovim now always updates with breaking changes, I hope it can be more stable in the day:-). And I also hope Vim keep stable, VimScript9 can become better and better:-). I hope everything goes well.

- [ ] inspired by [nvim](https://github.com/theniceboy/nvim) .
- [ ] inspired by [Iron-E](https://github.com/Iron-E) .

## Memory

**In memory of Bram, the creator of VIM.**

Commit message:

feat: update && in memory of Bram:-(

README.md, after:

# Nvim Awesome Config

<!--toc:start-->
- [Nvim Awesome Config](#nvim-awesome-config)
  - [Pros](#pros)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [git](#git)
    - [Requirement](#requirement)
  - [References](#references)
  - [Memory](#memory)
<!--toc:end-->

<!-- [![pCqCxTH.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2023/07/22/pCqCxTH.png)](https://imgse.com/i/pCqCxTH) -->

[![pPJKU91.png](https://s1.ax1x.com/2023/08/22/pPJKU91.png)](https://imgse.com/i/pPJKU91)

This is my personal neovim config written in Lua.

## Pros

- Pure Lua script with nice speed
- Integrated with the command line tools like grep and [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- Run fast with 90 plugins
- Easy to manage the plugins with a nice structure

## Installation

### git

You can use git to install these configuration files.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tandy1229/nvim-lua ~/.config/nvim

# if you want it downloads faster you can run
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/tandy1229/nvim-lua ~/.config/nvim
```

### Requirement

Just to Reading the plugin docs:-)

With the lazy.nvim and the lua cache speed up, its startup time is just **49.5ms** which is test in the MacBook constructed with 1.4GHz 4 core 8th Intel Core i5.

Even without those plugins and so now in my opinion the neovim is becoming the most useful front end now.

## References

Thank you for these great configs \~~~

> It's @theniceboy whose video guide me to the Vim so far I was using the IDE. And then through him I have a chance to turn the Vim to using the editor -- nvim.

> Hahahah, I was using nvim since 0.4, and now as neovim is going to have the 0.10 tag, nvim has become the mature project.

> Ohhhh, lua script making the nvim different, and make it a different road compared to Vim. But neovim now always updates with breaking changes, I hope it can be more stable in the day:-). And I also hope Vim keep stable, VimScript9 can become better and better:-). I hope everything goes well.

- [ ] inspired by [nvim](https://github.com/theniceboy/nvim) .
- [ ] inspired by [Iron-E](https://github.com/Iron-E) .

## Memory

**In memory of Bram, the creator of VIM.**
